
---
Day 1 (December 10th) 
---
  Hello! Apologies for the lateness but I was busy and felt that it would be easier to write this description after a few days of marination. On December 10th, I began my journey to create a Graphical User Interface for the Tic-Tac-Toe game. I decided to dive right in, and took Lux's advice to use the tkinter library. Tkinter is one of the standard libraries in Python, like plotly, math, and random. 

  Now, for just one day, I learned a lot more than I was expecting. The first thing I learned was that I could not use the tkinter library in Google Colab, because it does not support GUI stuff. So then I downloaded Homebrew from my Terminal application, and I already had Python on my computer so that was good. Next, I decided it would be a good idea to install and launch Jupyter Notebook, because I could edit it from my web browser kind of like Colab, but it would support tkinter. Here I made it sound like There the process was smooth, but there was lot of troubleshooting and dumbfoundedness. But the problems themselves were pretty simple, just being told ***zsh: command not found: brew*** and ***zsh: command not found: jupyter*** and on my Terminal. Nevertheless, it required a quite a bit of research to solve.   
  
  Next I familiarized myself with the Juypter and began learning about the basics of tkinter. I honestly love how straightforward the library is, the syntax just feels so logical. To start off anything with tkinter, you have to ***import tkinter as tk***. To test if everything is up and running, you write ***tk._test***, cuasing a Python window to pop up confirming that everything is working. A tedious thing with the Jupyter Notebook-Python window set up is when you run the code, it won't change anything on the window until you close out of it and run the code on Juypter again.  
  
  To initialize a new window for the GUI, you say ***root = tk.Tk()***. Something I found really interesting as was that if you run that, alone, nothing new will pop up. This is becuase the application is being opened and closed too quickly to notice. A way to solve that issue is to say ***root.mainloop()***, and this basically keeps the window open for you to see. What we have right now is the template/scaffolding/canvas for the whole GUI. All the code will be sandwiched between ***import tkinter as tk*** and ***root.mainloop()*** To name the window you do ***root.title("(TITLE GOES HERE)")***. I named mine "Tic-Tac_Toe GUI."
  
  I then moved on to the basics of actually implementing a GUI: 
  - To make a button you say ***btn = tk.Button(root, text = "(WRITING ON THE BUTTON)", command = (A FUNCTION NAME))***.
      - Position the button: ***btn.grid(row = __ , column = __)*** rows/columns start at 0, just like ***range()***
  - Above the button to make a label: ***lbl = tk.Label(root, text = "(WRITING FOR LABEL)")***
      - Position the button: ***lbl.grid(row = __, column = __)***

The next day I worked on creating a basic interface with a grid and buttons that update based on player moves. I am thinking of doing a thing where each mouse click will alternate after each click. Like it will start with "X" and then go to "O" and so on until there is a winner or draw. After I achieve this I'll add the ability to actually claim a winner (either "X"/"O" or perhaps asking for each player's name?). But anyway, after I make the game I will make the game look colorful and fun to interact with. Also I think this post is too long so I'll try to condense it in the next post. 

---
Day 2 (December 11th)
---
I decided to focus on three components/behaviors for today's work, button clicking (drawing an "X" or "O" on the 3x3 grid), switching the player, and the configuration of the 3x3 grid. 
I needed to define a funciton that I could call to configure the behavior of a button click. In other words, I needed to make a function saying what would happen when you click a button on the 3x3 grid. The way I implemented this was to start with a variable called ***current_player***, which would be equal to a "X," becuase Xs go first in tic-tac-toe. The biggest challenge on this day was trying to orgainze my thoughts about the grid and interaction behavior and bring them to life on the Juypter notebook. I knew that I would have to split the game into several user-defined functions. I decided on 6 functions: ***button_click(), switch_player(), check_winner(), highlight_winner(), game_over(),*** and ***reset_game()***. These functions should have everything I need to create the game. 

***button_click()*** updates the button with the current player's symbol only if the cell is empty and the game is not over. It should also switches the turn to the other player if no winner is detected. It takes in two arguments, ***row*** and ***col***.
For this function, I learned an interesting new statment (much like ***for***, ***


---
Day 3 (December 12th)
---


---
Day 4 (December 13th)
---


---
Day 5 (December 14th)
---
